>>> ON THIS EDITION SUNDAY JUN
15th
MILITANTS WHO OVERRAN CITIES
CLAIMED TO HAVE EXECUTED
SOLDIERS
>>> THE DEATH OF A RADIO LEGEND.
>>> HOW A NEW LAW TARGETING GAYS
IN UGANDA HAS SOME FLEEING THE
COUNTRY.
>> PEOPLE NOW REFLECT THAT
HATRED BECAUSE THEY KNOW THIS IS
A GOVERNMENT STANCE.
>>> NEXT ON NEWS HOUR WEEKEND.
>>> FROM THE WNET STUDIOS IN NEW
YORK
>> GOOD EVENING.
THANKS FOR JOINING US.
REPORTS OUT OF IRAQ SUGGESTS
ISLAMIST EXTREMISTS MAY HAVE
COMMITTED A MASSACRE
THE EXTREMISTS, MUSLIM MILITANTS
FROM THE ISLAMIC STATE IN IRAQ
AND SYRIA SAID THEY HAVE
EXECUTED 1,700 SOLDIERS.
A SAY SERIES OF BOMBINGS LEAVE
MANY DEAD.
THE SUNI MILITANTS ARE WITHIN 60
MILES OF THE CAPITAL OF
MILLION PEOPLE
>>> WE BEGIN OUR COVERAGE WITH A
REPORT FROM JONATHAN REPORTING
FROM IRAQ'S SECOND LARGEST CIT
MOSUL.
>> THE CITY HAS FALL TON
ISLAMIST MILITANTS
AMID THE MOST SHOCK IMAGES T
EMERGE FROM THE WAR.
THE MEN OF ISIS POSTED THESE
PICTURES ON THE INTERNET
THEY SHOW DOZENS OF IRAQI TROOPS
APPARENTLY TAKING PRISONER
DESCRIBED IN THE CAPTION A
FILTHY SHIITES
THEY'RE LOADED ONTO TRUCKS THE
FORCED TO LIE IN A DITCH WIT
THEIR HANDS TIED BEHIND THEI
BACKS WHERE THEY'RE APPARENTLY
SHOT
WE CAN'T VERIFY THIS INCIDEN
REPORTEDLY
IT SEEMS DELIBERATELY INTENDED
TO SOW PANIC AND FEAR.
IN THIS CAMP OUTSIDE MOSUL
HAMID HAS RECEIVED THE MESSAGE
HE WAS DESSERT ED FROM THE ARM
WHEN ISIS ATTACKED HIS CITY.
HE'S GLAD HE ESCAPED WHEN HE
DID.
>> Translator: THEY AR
KIDNAPPING THE FATHERS O
BROTHERS OF SOLDIERS UNTIL THOSE
SOLDIERS TURN THEMSELVES IN.
ONE OF MY FRIENDS TURNED HIMSELF
INTO ISIS.
NOW HIS FAMILY SAY HE HAS BEEN
KILLED
>> THESE MEN ARE NOT RUNNING
FROM BATTLE BUT TOWARDS IT
HUNDREDS DESPERATE TO JOIN THE
ARMY CLAIMING THEY'LL DEFEND
IRAQ FROM NON BELIEVERS.
IN THE NORTH, THE WAR AGAINS
ISIS HAS LASTED A WEEK
THE COMMANDER HERE TOLD ME THERE
WERE 20 OF HIS MEN THAT HAD BEEN
KILLED
THE GENERAL SURVIVED THE ISI
ASSASSINATION ATTEMPT.
HE SAYS THE CONFLICT IS BOUND TO
INTENSIFY.
>> Translator: WE CANNOT SAY WHO
IS WINNING
THE WAR WILL GET BIGGER.
THE BATTLE IS MOVING LITTLE BY
LITTLE TOWARDS BAGHDAD
FOREIGN COUNTRIES MAY INTERVEN
ESPECIALLY IRAN.
>> THE CAUSE OF THE CRISIS
DIVIDES IRAQ LIKE SO MUCH ELSE
DID TONY BLARE AND GEORGE BUSH
DO A GOOD OR BAD THING FOR IRAQ?
>> Translator: THEY HAVE BROUGHT
NOTHING BUT DESTRUCTION TO THE
COUNTRY, SAYS THIS SUNI FLEEIN
FROM MOSUL
>> Translator: BUT SAID THIS
MAN, REMOVING SEDAN WAS A GOOD
THING.
WHATEVER IT CAUSES, THIS COUNTRY
HAS BEEN STEEPED IN VIOLENCE FOR
SO LONG NOW THAT NOBODY SEEMS TO
KNOW WHO CAN MAKE IT STOP.
CHANNEL 4 NEWS NORTHERN IRAQ
>> FOR MORE ABOUT THE SITUATIO
IN IRAQ, WE ARE JOINED NOW B
PHONE FROM NORTHERN IRAQ B
JANE, A REPORTER
WHAT HAVE YOU SEEN TODAY
>> Reporter: NORTH OF IRAQ
CLOSER TO MOSUL, IT'S QUIT
TENSE.
THAT RANGES FROM THE TOWNS AND
VILLAGES AND DISPUTED TERRITOR
BETWEEN MOSUL AND THE KURDIS
CAPITAL.
IT'S WEIRD DRIVING THERE
YOU NOTICE THE TENSION HAS
INCREASED.
THERE WAS A SCHOOL JUST A LITTLE
WHILE BACK WHERE DESKS WER
PILED ON TOP OF EACH OTHER
THEY CANCELLED CLASSES AND FINAL
EXAMS.
THE SCHOOL WE PASSED WAS
OCCUPIED BY KURDISH SECURITY
FORCES
THERE WERE OTHER PLACE WHERE YOU
COULD SEE THE IRAQI ARMY HAD
TAKEN CHECK POINTS WHERE THE
USED TO PATROL KURDISH FORCES.
THE IRAQI SECURITY FORCES HAVE
COMPLETELY GONE FROM THIS AREA
IT HAPPENED WHEN THEY MELTED
AWAY MOSUL AND ALSO HERE IN TH
BORDER REGION.
>> THE VIDEO OF SECURITY FORCE
BEING KILLED IS MAKING NEW
HERE
ARE PEOPLE IN IRAQ AWARE O
THAT
IS THERE REACTION TO IT?
>> THERE IS SO MUCH GOING ON
HERE IN TERMS OF VIDEO AND
RUMORS AND GOVERNMENT PROPAGANDA
THAT IT'S REALLY HARD FOR PEOPLE
TO ENTANGLE WHAT'S REAL AND NO
REAL
ONE OF THE REAL INTERESTIN
THINGS THAT JUMPS OUT IN TALKING
TO PEOPLE WHO HAVE LEFT MOSUL IN
THE PAST DAY AS WELL AS LAST
WEEK WHEN THE CITY FELL IS THE
ADMINISTRATION THAT'S TAKE
OVER, A COMBINATION OF ISLAMIC
STATE OF IRAQ AND SYRIA, THE A
QAEDA OFFSHOOT, ALONG WITH REBEL
FIGHTERS WHO CALL THEMSELVES
REVOLUTIONARIES FROM THE AREA.
THEY'RE MAKING A REAL EFFORT T
SHOW THEY CAN ACTUALLY CONTROL
THE CITY
THE AL QAEDA-LINKED GROUP FO
INSTANCE HAS BEEN HEADING UP
MONEY TO CLEAN THE STREETS, BEEN
PROVIDING MORE ELECTRICITY AND
WATER THAN PEOPLE NORMALLY HAVE.
FIGHTERS ACTUALLY WENT AROUND TO
THE CHRISTIAN COMMUNITY WHIC
HAS BEEN A TARGET OF THE ATTACKS
SAYING DON'T BE AFRAID
WE'LL PROTECT YOU AND YOUR
CHURCHES
NOBODY REALLY BELIEVES THEM.
THEY ARE MAKING AN EFFORT TO
PERSUADE PEOPLE THAT THEY ARE
DIFFERENT SORT OF GROUP THAN THE
AL QAEDA THAT PLUNGED THIS
COUNTRY INTO CIVIL WAR
>> IS THERE A SENSE THAT THING
ARE GOING TO GET WORSE
DO YOU SEE PEOPLE SIGNING UP T
FIGHT SHIITE IN MILITIAS O
ARMY
>> THERE IS A SENSE THINGS WIL
GET WORSE.
THIS IS THE BIGGEST CRISIS IRA
HAS FACED PROBABLY SINCE I
PULLED ITSELF OUT OF CIVIL WAR
WHEN THERE WERE BODIES IN TH
STREETS.
THERE ARE PEOPLE SIGNING UP TO
FIGHT.
SO FAR THE ONE THING THAT HA
PREVENTED TOTAL DEFENSE IN CIVIL
WAR IS WIDE SCALE PRESENCE O
MILITIAS IN THE STREETS FIGHTING
EXTREMISTS
THAT HASN'T HAPPENED YET
THERE ARE ELEMENTS OF THAT
CERTAINLY WHEN YOU HAVE IRAQ'S
SECOND BIGGEST CITY AS WELL AS
OTHER CITIES TAKEN OVER BY A
GROUP AFFILIATED WITH AL QAEDA
IT MEANS THE GOVERNMENT HA
ESSENTIALLY LOST CONTROL
>> ARE YOU HEARING INTEREST FROM
THE PEOPLE YOU TALKED TO ABOUT
U.S. INVOLVEMENT
>> NOT SO MUCH
THE IRAQI GOVERNMENT WANTS THE
U.S. TO BE INVOLVED.
THEY'RE ASKING FOR A WAY THE
HAVEN'T IN MANY YEARS.
IT'S A VERY DELICATE DYNAMIC
HERE PARTICULARLY IN THE NORTH
OF IRAQ WHERE KURDISH FORCES
HAVE TAKEN CONTROL OF THE CITY
THEY HAD THE CONTROL OF PART O
IT AND NOW CONTROL ALL OF IT
THEY SAY THEY NEED TO PROTEC
THEIR COMMUNITIES AND ALSO MAK
SURE THE COUNTRY DOESN'T
DISINTEGRATE ALONG THE BORDERS
THERE'S A LOT CHANGING
THERE'S A LIMITED NUMBER O
OPTIONS FOR THE UNITED STATES.
>> JANE JOINING US FROM NORTHERN
IRAQ
THANKS SO MUCH
>> THANK YOU
>>> IN ISRAEL TODAY, PRIME
MINISTER BENJAMIN NETANYAH
BLAMED HAMAS FOR THE KIDNAPPIN
OF TEENAGERS
HE WARNED OF REPERCUSSIONS
NETANYAHU LINKED IT TO THE
AUTHORITY.
THEY DENY INVOLVEMENT.
>> I THINK IT SHOULD B
ABUNDANTLY CLEAR
WE'VE SEEN INCREASE IN TOURIST
ACTIVITY SINCE THE PACT.
>> WE CONDEMN ALL TAKEN BY THE
ISRAELI GOVERNMENT AND ARMY FO
THE LAST TWO DAYS AS COLLECTIV
PUNISHMENT AGAINST OUR PEOPLE.
>> THEY HAVE ARRESTED 80
PALESTINIANS SINCE THE TEENS
WENT MISSING
>>> PAKISTAN ARMY ANNOUNCED WHAT
IT CALLED A COMPREHENSIV
OPERATION ALONG THE BORDER
BETWEEN PAKISTAN AND AFGHANISTAN
HOURS AFTER PAKISTANI JETS
POUNDED MILITANT HIDEOUTS.
AS MANY AS 100 WERE KILLED
INCLUDING A COMMANDER.
ALL THIS IN RESPONSE TO TH
TERROR ATTACK ON THE KARACHI
AIRPORT LAST WEEKEND THAT LEFT
36 PEOPLE DEAD
>>> A ROAD GENERAL HAS LAUNCHE
A MILITARY OPERATION AGAINST
ISLAMIC MILITANTS IN LIBYA
AT LEAST FIVE HAVE BEEN KILLED
FIGHTING IN BENGHAZI
GOVERNMENT OFFICIALS SAY TROOP
ARE ACTING WITHOUT THE AUTHORITY
OF THE GOVERNMENT.
IN THIS COUNTRY, HOUSE MAJORIT
LEADER ERIC CANTOR WHO'S DEFEA
SHOCKED POLITICAL OBSERVERS SAID
THERE WAS NO ONE REASON FOR TH
OUTCOME EVEN THOUGH HIS GO
PRIMARY OPPONENT REPEATEDL
ATTACKED HIS POSITION ON
IMMIGRATION.
>> I HAVE ALWAYS TAKEN POSITIO
I'M NOT FOR COMPREHENSIV
AMNESTY BILL
I'VE ALWAYS SAID WE OUGHT TO
DEAL WITH KIDS WHO DID NOT BREAK
ANY LAWS AND THEMSELVES KOOIRM
INTO THE COUNTRY IN MANY CASES
UNBEKNOWN TO THEM.
IT OFFERS THE ONLY PLAUSIBLE WAY
FORWARD.
DID THAT INFURIATE FOLKS ON BOTH
SIDES?
SURE
>>> HIGH WINDS TOPPLED TREES AND
BROUGHT DOWN POWER LINES I
MINNEAPOLIS AND CHARLOTTE, NORTH
CAROLINA
>>> ONE OF THE MOST FAMOUS RADIO
PERSONALITIES HAS DIED
CASEY KASEM WAS 82
HE WAS BEST KNOWN FOR HIS COUN
DOWN OF THE TOP HITS ON TH
RADIO AND TELEVISION
>> HELLO AND WELCOME T
AMERICA'S TOP 40
I'M BACK AND READY FOR THE
WEEKLY COUNT DOWN FOR 40 OF TH
MOST POPULAR SONGS IN TH
NATION
>> AN APARTMENT COMPLEX WITH THE
MOST FAMOUS GARAGE IN THE WORL
IS ABOUT TO BE DEMOLISHED.
IT'S WHERE DEEP THROAT LATER
REVEALED TO BE SECRET AGEN
PHELPS DURING THE WATER GATE
INVESTIGATION.
A SCENE DEPICTED IN THE 1976
FILM ALL THE PRESIDENT'S MEN
>> I HAVE TO DO THIS MY WAY.
YOU TELL ME WHAT YOU KNOW, AND
I'LL CONFIRM
I'LL KEEP YOU IN THE RIGHT
DIRECTION IF I CAN
THAT'S ALL
JUST FOLLOW THE MONEY.
>>> VISIT NEWS HOUR.PBS.ORG TO
SEE WHAT ELSE WE'VE BEEN UP TO
THIS WEEK.
YOU'LL FIND A PIECE ABOUT A $456
MILLION DEAL AND THE WATER
HANGOUT AND WATER STORED 300
MILES BENEATH THE EARTH'
SURFACE.
>>> NOW TO OUR SIGNATURE
SEGMENT.
OUR ORIGINAL IN-DEPTH REPORT
FROM AROUND THE NATION AND
WORLD.
TONIGHT WE REPORT FROM AFRIC
ABOUT A CRACK DOWN ABOUT
HOMOSEXUALITY.
LAWS AGAINST IT HAVE BEEN ON THE
BOOKS IN MANY AFRICAN COUNTRIE
SINCE THE COLONIAL TIMES
IT WAS OFTEN TOLERATED EVEN IF
RARELY DISCUSSED OPENLY.
NOW THAT'S CHANGING.
MARTIN REPORTS ON THE SITUATIO
IN EAST AFRICA
HIS STORY BEGINS IN UGANDA
>> FOR JEFFREY, THIS IS A RISK
JUST BEING OUT OF HIS HOUSE.
HE IS A GAY ACTIVIST
HE LIVES IN UGANDA
THAT HE SAYS THE DANGEROUS
>> YOU DON'T KNOW WHAT'S GOING
TO HAPPEN TO YOU NEXT.
YOU'RE MORE CAREFUL.
INSTEAD OF LIVING FREELY AS
UGANDAN YOU'RE CAUTIOUS OF PLACE
AS YOU GO TO, WHO YOU INVITE T
YOUR HOUSE
>> THIS IS ALSO AN ACTIVE IN THE
GAY COMMUNITY.
HE'S EXTREMELY CAREFUL
>> MANY KNOW MY FACE
I ACTUALLY DON'T GO TO THE CITY.
I'VE BEEN ATTACKED ON TH
STREETS MANY TIMES
>> ATTACKS ARE SOMETIMES LETHAL.
THIS MAN WAS ACCUSED OF BEIN
GAY.
HE WAS BEATEN TO DEATH BY A MOB.
OTHERS HAVE BEEN ROUNDED UP BY
POLICE AND ARRESTED.
>> THERE IS NO USE FOR MAN T
LIVE WITH THE SAME MAN
GOD DOESN'T LIKE IT.
EVEN THE BIBLE SAY
IT'S NOT GOOD.
>> A VERY TOUGH NEW LAW HAS BEEN
PASSED IN UGANDA
THE ANTIHOMOSEXUALITY ACT CALL
FOR HARSH SENTENCES.
THE DEATH PENALTY WAS PROPOSED
BUT DROPPED.
INSTEAD OFFENDERS CONVICTED OF
AGGRAVATED HOMOSEXUALITY WIL
FACE LIFE IN PRISON.
>> WHAT PARLIAMENT HAS DON
PASSING THIS LAW IS THAT PEOPL
NOW REFLECT THAT HATRED BECAUS
THEY KNOW THIS IS A GOVERNMENT
STANCE
>> YOU UGANDA'S LONG TIM
PRESIDENT APPROVED THE BILL IN
FEBRUARY
MANY HAD PARADES IN THE STREET
TO CELEBRATE THE ANTIGAY
MOVEMENT
>> I WILL NOW SIGN THE BIL
BECAUSE I AM CONVINCED WITH TH
AVAILABLE INFORMATION THAT THESE
PEOPLE ARE NOT BORN LIKE THAT.
THEY JUST LEARN AND THEY CAN
UNLEARN WHAT THEY HAVE LEARNED
>> THE NEW LEGISLATION TRIGGERED
AN INTERNATIONAL OUTCRY.
THE WHITE HOUSE WAS CRITICAL
PRESIDENT OBAMA CALLED THE NEW
LAW ODIOUS
DONOR COUNTRIES THREATENED T
SUSPEND OR CUT AID TO TH
COUNTRY.
THIS UPSET THE PRESIDENT
MANY POLITICIANS BEHIND THE NE
LAW INCLUDING SIMON, UGANDA'
MINISTER OF STATE FOR ETHICS AND
INTEGRITY.
>> I COULDN'T BELIEVE THAT IT'
A HARD AND DISCONTENTIOU
REACTION TO THIS
I FELT IT WAS NATURAL FO
EVERYBODY THAT WE CAME TO OU
SENSES AND DENOUNCED THI
INACCEPTABLE BEHAVIOR.
>> HOW WILL YOU DEAL WITH THEM
>> TREAT THEM NOW WITH LAWS.
THEY WOULD BE SUBJECTED TO LAW
>> RECENTLY, THE FIRST MEN WER
BROUGHT TO TRIAL IN A COURTROO
CHARGED WITH ENGAGING IN SEX
ACTS AGAINST THE ORDER O
NATURE
AS FIRST TIME OFFENDERS THEY
FACE 14 YEARS IN PRISON.
REINFORCING JEFF'S REAL FEAR
ABOUT BEING GAY IN UGANDA.
>> HOW DOES IT MAKE YOU FEEL
YOU'RE A UGANDAN THAT GREW U
HERE
>> I FEEL SAD.
THAT IS WHY A LOT OF TIMES WHE
PEOPLE ASK ME ABOUT OPTIONS OF
LEAING THE COUNTRY, I'M NO
COMFORTABLE LEAVING THE COUNTRY.
I'M USED TO STAYING HERE
>> SOME FEEL THE RISK OF STAYING
HERE ARE TOO GREAT
BETTER TO LEAVE NOW WHILE THEY
CAN.
>> THEY DRIVE OR FLY AWAY.
OFTEN TO NEIGHBORING KENYA
ONE RELIEF ORGANIZATION DEALIN
WITH REFUGEES SAYS NEARLY 20
PEOPLE ARRIVE EVERY MONTH.
>> THIS MAN SAID HE FLED UGAND
AS SOON AS HE COULD.
HE AGREED TO SPEAK TO US AS LONG
AS WE DIDN'T USE HIS NAME.
>> DID YOU NOTICE IT GOT
SIGNIFICANTLY WORSE AFTER TH
BILL WAS SIGNED IN UGANDA?
>> YES
IT SAYS CLEARLY IF YOU SUSPECT
SOMEONE THAT IS GAY, YOU HAVE TO
GO PUT HIM
EVERYONE IS UNSAFE
>> WHILE HE FEELS SAFER HERE
EVENTS IN UGANDA HAVE RAISED
ANXIETY IN KENYA'S GAY
COMMUNITIES.
THE TWO ARE NEIGHBORS AND BOTH
BELONG TO THE EAST AFRICAN
NATIONS.
>> I AM NOW A TARGET
>> KEVIN HAS WRITTEN A BOO
ABOUT GAY LIFE IN KENYA.
HE LIVES IN NAIROBI WITH HIS
PARTNER.
>> ADMIT WE'RE SCARED.
>> IN ONE SLUM, PASTOR JOH
PREACHES AGAINST HOMOSEXUALITY
THERE IS NO DOUBT WHERE HE
STANDS
TO BE GAY AND LIVE IN ONE OF
THESE OVERCROWDED SLUMS IS
ENORMOUSLY RISKY
>> PEOPLE LIVE IN CLOS
QUARTERS
IT IS IMPOSSIBLE TO HIDE FRO
YOUR NEIGHBOR.
THERE'S NO SUCH THING AS
PRIVATELY.
>> MICHAEL LIVES HERE IN A TIN
ONE ROOM SHACK
>> LIVING IN THIS COMMUNITY IS
HARD BECAUSE I HAVE TO KEEP MY
SEXUALITY A SIDE, KEEP IT ON LOW
PROFILE.
>> HE AND HIS PARTNER MOVE
CONSTANTLY, SOMETIMES MORE THA
ONCE A MONTH
>> SO WHAT WOULD HAPPEN IF YOU
DIDN'T MOVE?
>> I STAY IN ONE PLACE, IT'S
DANGEROUS FOR ME BECAUSE PEOPL
MIGHT START TO SUSPECTING LIKE
THE NEIGHBORS ASKING QUESTIONS
>> AND DOING THIS JUST TAKING
WALK TOGETHER IS TAKING A BI
CHANCE
HOMOPHOBIA ISN'T AT THE LEVEL OF
UGANDA, AT LEAST NOT YET
ACTIVISTS ARE PUSHING FOR
SPECIAL ANTISEXUALITY BILL I
KENYA.
>> IF EVERY MAN WOULD JOIN THE
BEING HOMOSEXUALITY.
WE ARE SEEING IT AS A TOOL, AS A
WEAPON OF MASS DESTRUCTION
>> ANTIGAY LAWS ARE ALREAD
INSHRINED IN KENYA'S PENAL CODE.
SOME WANT TO SEE LAWS MORE
ENFORCED STRICTLY.
IRONICALLY BACK IN UGANDA TH
CONSTITUTIONAL CHALLENGE TO TH
ANTIGAY LAW BY A GROUP O
POLITICIANS WITH SUPPORT OF
CROSS SECTION OF SOCIETY
THIS IS A UGANDAN MEMBER O
PARLIAMENT, ALSO A LAWYER.
HE SAYS CONSTITUTION GUARANTEE
EQUAL RIGHTS FOR EVERYONE.
>> IT PHYSICAL PROVIDES LEGA
FRAME WORK FOR HOMOPHOBIA AN
INSTITUTIONS TO BE USED FO
PROMOTION OF HOMOPHOBIA.
THAT'S OUR PROBLEM WITH IT
>> THE ETHICS AND INTEGRIT
MINISTER DISAGREES
>> THE CONSTITUTION OF UGAND
CLEARLY STATES MARRIAGE BETWEE
PERSONS OF THE SAME SEX IS
PROHIBITED
>> A CRUCIAL DEBATE FOR PEOPLE
LIKE THIS, A GAY MAN LIVING IN
UGANDA
>> AS MUCH AS IT'S TORTURE T
LIVE IN THIS COUNTRY, BEING OUT,
OPEN, ABOUT MY SEXUALITY IS TH
BEST THING THAT I CAN DO FOR
MYSELF AND FOR OTHER PEOPLE.
>> HE HOPES THE CONSTITUTIONAL
CHALLENGE SUCCEEDS THAT TH
STATUS QUO WILL CHANGE BECAUSE
HE SAYS HE WILL NOT.
>>> THIS IS PBS NEWS HOU
WEEKEND SUNDAY
>>> UNLESS YOU'RE LIVING UNGD
ROCK YOU PROBABLY KNOW THE WORLD
CUP KICKED OFF THIS PAST WEEK IN
BRAZIL
WHILE THE ACTION IS HAPPENING ON
THE PITCH AS THEY SAY, THE
SURPRISING NUMBER OF EVENTS TO
CELEBRATE THE START OF THE WORLD
CUP ARE TAKING THE GLOBAL GAME
WELL, UNDERWAY
IN SHANGHAI, AN AQUARIUM PUT O
THE UNDERWATER WORLD CUP
22 FISH REPRESENTING TWO TEAMS
THERE'S EVEN A REF SWIMMIN
AROUND THE CUSTOM BUILT FIELD.
AS FISH NIBBLED AT THE FEED THEY
WERE UNABLE TO, QUOTE, MOVE TH
BALL INTO THE NET.
IT ENDED IN A 0-0 BRAWL.
YOU CAN HAVE A DIVER PUT O
SCUBA GEAR AND PLAY UNDERWATER
IN A FISH TANK
THAT'S WHAT HAPPENED THIS WEEK
IN A SEOUL AQUARIUM.
THE DIVER WAS IN FRONT OF TH
BANNER SAYING GO SOUTH KOREA
AND MANY MAKE PREDICTIONS ON WHO
WILL WIN
BIG HEADED IS 1-0 AFTE
CORRECTLY PICKING BRAZIL IN TH
OPENING MATCH OVER CROATIA
UNDERWATER ANIMALS AND
PREDICTIONS HAVE A STORIED
HISTORY N. 2010 AN OCTOPUS IN
GERMAN AQUARIUM NAMED PAUL
ACCURATELY PREDICTED EIGHT
MATCHES IN A ROW OUTPERFORMING
SOCCER ANALYSTS.
ALSO LOOKING UNDERWATER FO
PREDICTIONS IS AN AQUARIUM I
JAPAN WHERE THEY'RE NOT ONLY
USING THE OCTOPUS TO PREDICT BUT
LOOKING TO ARCHER FISH AND A
PENGUIN DRESSED IN A NATIONA
TEAM UNIFORM FOR THE EQUATION.
JAPAN LOST 2-1 LAST NIGHT TO THE
IVORY COAST MEANING ALL JAPANESE
ANIMALS GOT IT WRONG UNLIKE TH
ODDS MAKERS.
>>> BEFORE WE LEAVE YOU TONIGHT,
A QUICK RECAP OF TODAY'S NEWS.
EXTREMISTS WHO OVERRAN SEVERAL
IRAQI CITIES CLAIMED TODAY T
HAVE EXECUTED 1700 GOVERNMEN
TROOPS
THE STATE DEPARTMENT SAYS IT'S
EVACUATING SOME EMPLOYEES FROM
THE HUS-- THE U.S. EMBASSY I
BAGHDAD.
GUNFIRE ERUPTED ON THE WEST BANK
AS ISRAELI SOLDIERS SEARCHED FOR
MISSING TEENS.
>>> LEGENDARY HOST CASEY KASEM
HAS DIED AT AGE 82
JOIN US TOMORROW
WE'LL BRING YOU THE CRISIS I
IRAQ
THAT'S IT FOR THIS EDITION O
PBS NEWS HOW ARE WEEKEND
THANKS FOR WATCHING.